Update maintainers documentation and contribution guides (#8939)
thepracticaldev/dev.to: docs/contributing/forem.md

---
title: Contributing to Forem
---

# Contributing to Forem

We expect contributors to abide by our underlying

> [code of conduct](https://dev.to/code-of-conduct). All discussions about this

Reviewer: I don't think this should block merging, but I do think we should standardize around either `Code of Conduct` or `code of conduct`. Took a quick peek throughout our app, and it's currently inconsistent (which is why it shouldn't block merging). Personally, I prefer `Code of Conduct` (feels more in line with CoC abbreviation), since it is a specific file with a Proper Name™️. Standardizing could be handled in a separate PR, either way.

project must be respectful and harassment-free.

Remember that communication is the lifeblood of any Open Source project. We are
all working on this together, and we are all benefiting from this software.

It's very easy to misunderstand one another in asynchronous, text-based
conversations. When in doubt, assume everyone has the best intentions.

> If you feel anyone has violated our Code of Conduct, you should anonymously

Reviewer: Heh, ok this makes me think we should update the reference on line 8!

contact the team with our [abuse report form](https://dev.to/report-abuse).

### Where to contribute

All [issues](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues) labeled
[ready for dev](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22ready+for+dev%22)
and
[type: bug](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22type%3A+bug%22)
are up for grabs.

- [good first issue](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+)
  issues are meant for newer developers.
- [difficulty: easy](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22difficulty%3A+easy%22)
  issues are usually confined to isolated areas of existing code.
- [difficulty: medium](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22difficulty%3A+medium%22)
  issues can sometimes entail new features and might affect a significant area
  of the codebase, but aren't overly complex.
- [difficulty: hard](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22difficulty%3A+hard%22)

>   issues will typically be far-reaching, and might need architecture decisions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  issues are typically far-reaching, and might need architecture decisions
```
just to keep the tense consistent throughout

  during implementation. This label might also denote highly complex issues.

PRs without an associated issue may still be merged, but the core team will
focus on changes that solve existing issues. We strongly encourage creating an
issue before working on a PR!

When in doubt, ask a
[core team member](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/#core-team) by
mentioning us on the issue.

**Documentation** is almost always a great place to start contributing to a new

> project. DEV is an Open Source, community-driven project. Therefore, providing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project. Forem is an Open Source, community-driven project. Therefore, providing
```
Should we be using Forem here since the heading is nested within the `Contributing to Forem` page?

and maintaining quality documentation is one of our most important jobs. You can
find more information in our
[docs guide](https://docs.dev.to/contributing/docs)!

> **Refactoring** (improving the code without modifying behavior) is a great place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Refactoring**, which involves improving the code without modifying behavior, is a great place
```
feel free to ignore this but i think this is a nice enough definition of refactoring that it doesn't need to be relegated to parentheses 😛

to help out! Generally speaking, you can rely on existing tests to ensure that
your refactor doesn't introduce any unexpected behavior. If an area isn't well
tested, you might be asked to include a regression test with your refactoring
PR. Refactors can touch many files, so we encourage breaking big changes into

> small PRs.

Reviewer: 👏 YAS

**Fixing bugs** is a super fast way to improve the experience for our users!
When you're fixing bugs, we appreciate communication in a GitHub issue. If an
issue exists, please claim that issue and link it in your PR, otherwise creating
an issue is the best first step! Be sure to surround bug fixes with ample tests;
bugs are magnets for other bugs. Write tests around bugs!

**Building features** requires a lot of communication, but we'd love to have
your help with this too! Features tend to be subjective and might spur some
debate. Be sure to create an issue for new features before getting started! If
your feature involves design changes, including design mockups can be very
helpful. As always, when in doubt, ask!

### How to contribute

> 1. [Fork the project](https://docs.dev.to/getting-started/forking/) and clone it

Reviewer: Should these links just be internal ones rather than the full `docs.dev.to` link? Not a blocker just curious why the full path :)

Author: They probably should be internal, but I think links need to be redone for most of the docs site, so I didn't change these when I moved them from `CONTRIBUTING.md` :sweat_smile:

2. Create a branch with your GitHub username and the ID of the
   [issue](https://github.com/thepracticaldev/dev.to/issues), for example:
   `git checkout -b USERNAME/some-new-feature-1234`
3. Code and commit your changes. Bonus points if you write a
   [good commit message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/):
   `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push -u origin USERNAME/some-new-feature-1234`
5. [Create a pull request](https://docs.dev.to/getting-started/pull-request/)
   for your branch. 🎉

## Contribution guidelines

### Create an issue

Nobody's perfect. Something doesn't work? Something could be better? Check to
see if the issue already exists, and if it does, leave a comment to get our
attention! If the issue doesn't already exist, feel free to create a new one. A
core team member will triage incoming issues.

_Please note: core team members may update the title of an issue to reflect the
discussion._

### Please include tests

Some areas of the project could use updated tests, and new features should
always include test coverage. Please give our
[testing guide](https://docs.dev.to/tests/) a read!

### Code quality

> We use [CodeClimate](https://codeclimate.com/) to find code smells. If a pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/) to find code smells. If a pull
```
Did a quick grep through their site and they refer to themselves with a space between

request contains code smells, we might recommend a refactor before merging. We
like readable code, and encourage DRY when it's reasonable!

More importantly, we avoid
[wrong abstractions](https://www.sandimetz.com/blog/2016/1/20/the-wrong-abstraction).

> Code quality tools are not perfect, so don't obsess over your CodeClimate score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code quality tools are not perfect, so don't obsess over your Code Climate score.
```

### Please use inclusive language

Inclusion and respect are core tenets of our

> [code of conduct](https://dev.to/code-of-conduct). We expect thoughtful language

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Code of Conduct](https://dev.to/code-of-conduct). We expect thoughtful language
```

all the way down to the code. Some technical metaphors are alienating or
triggering. We ask that contributors go the extra mile to submit code which is
inclusive in nature.

If you unintentionally use language deemed harmful, there is no shame. We will

> work together find a better alternative. Being thoughtful about language also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
work together to find a better alternative. Being thoughtful about language also
```

encourages more thoughtful code!

### Create a pull request

- Try to keep the pull requests small. A pull request should try its very best
  to address only a single concern.

> - For work in progress Pull Requests, please use the

Reviewer: Should settle on either `pull request` or `Pull Request` throughout these files

  [Draft PR](https://github.blog/2019-02-14-introducing-draft-pull-requests/)
  feature.
- Make sure all tests pass and add additional tests for the code you submit.
  [More info here](https://docs.dev.to/tests/).
- Document your reasoning behind the changes. Explain why you wrote the code in
  the way you did. The code should explain what it does.
- If there's an existing issue, reference to it by adding something like
  `References/Closes/Fixes/Resolves #123`, where 123 is the issue number.

>   [More info here](https://github.com/blog/1506-closing-issues-via-pull-requests).

Reviewer: 👏 love this!!

- Please fill out the PR Template when making a PR.
- All commits in a pull request will be squashed when merged.

_Please note: a core team member may close your PR if it has gone stale or if we
don't plan to merge the code._

### Pull request reviews

All community pull requests are reviewed by our core team.

> - All contributors must sign the CLA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All contributors must sign the CLA.
```

Reviewer: Actually we should just add `.` at the end of all of the sentences in this bulleted list; looks like you did that for the preceding lists and I quite like that style (plus, consistency!).

- All required checks are expected to pass on each PR
  - In the case of flaky or unrelated test failures, a core team member will
    restart CI
- We require 2 approvals from core team members for each PR
- Requested Changes must be resolved (with code or discussion) before merging
- If you make changes to a PR, be sure to re-request a review
- Style discussions are generally discouraged in PR reviews; make a PR to the
  linter configurations instead
- Your code will be deployed shortly after it is merged

### A note on "force pushing"

After you submit your Pull Request, one of the members of the core team will
review your code.

Please avoid force pushing unless you need to rebase with the master branch.

If feedback is provided, any changes should be contained in new commits. Please
don't force push or worry about squashing your commits.

Force pushing (despite being useful) has some drawbacks. GitHub doesn't always
keep the review history, which results in lost context for the reviewers.

We squash every PR before merging, so there is no need to force push!

## The bottom line

We are all humans trying to work together to improve the community. Always be

> kind and appreciate the need for tradeoffs. ❤️

Reviewer: 💕
